>> Stephen: LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, WELCOME BACK TO "THE
LATE SHOW."
AND PLEASE SAY HELLO TO OUR
FRIEND JON BATISTE.
JON, HOW ARE YOU TODAY?
>> I'M GOOD.
I'M A LITTLE HUNGRY.
I'M THINKING OF COOKING SOME RED
BEANS AND RICE.
>> Stephen: WHOO!
>> Jon: YEAH.
>> Stephen: NOW, YOUR MOM'S
RECIPE?
>> Jon: YEAH, EXACTLY.
MY MOM'S RECIPE, ONE OF THE
PRODUCERS ON THE SHOW'S COOKED
UP A FEW AND I'M KIND OF GOING
INTO A RED BEANS BATTLE WITH
HIM.
I'M GOING TO HAVE TO DRY ICE HIM
MY PLATE.
>> Stephen: IT'S A RED BEAN
THROWDOWN?
>> Jon: YEAH, THAT'S WHAT WE
CALL IT, THE RED BEAN THROW
DOWN.
AND YOU'VE GOT TO HAVE THE RIGHT
INGREDIENTS AND I JUST GOT THEM
SHIPPED IN, SO I'M ABOUT TO DO
IT.
>> Stephen: GOOD LUCK WITH
THAT.
>> Jon: YES, YES.
>> Stephen: SAVE ME SOME.
>> Jon: OH, I WILL.
THEY MIGHT TURN BY THE TIME WE
SEE EACH OTHER AGAIN, BUT I'LL
GET YOU NEXT TIME.
>> Stephen: ALL RIGHT.
JON BATISTE, EVERYBODY.
YOU KNOW, I SPEND A LOT OF TIME
IN HERE MEASURING OUT THE FINEST
BARREL-AGED NEWS STORIES,
TOSSING IN SOME HAND-BLENDED
AROMATIC BITTERS, THEN SHAKING
AND STIRRING THEM INTO THE
UPSCALE HIPSTER APERITIF THAT IS
MY MONOLOGUE.
BUT SOMETIMES -- SOMETIMES, I
LIKE TO
BATHTUB WITH GRAIN ALCOHOL, STIR
IN A HALF-FINISHED BOX OF
WELCH'S GRAPE JUICE AND A
GLADE PLUG-IN, AND LET IT FESTER
A COUPLE WEEKS, TO CREATE THE
RAIL-YARD HOOCH OF NEWS THAT IS
MY QUARANTINED MEANWHILE SEGMENT
"QUARANTINE-WHILE!"
FILL MY.
♪
QUARANTINE-WHILE, EVEN THOUGH
ALL OTHER SPORTS HAVE BEEN
SIDE-LINED, "SOMEHOW THE
PANDEMIC HASN'T STOPPED SUMO
WRESTLING."
WELL, I BELIEVE MAKING THOSE MEN
WRESTLE FOR THEIR ENTERTAINMENT
IS DANGEROUS AND IRRESPONSIBLE,
AND JAPAN SHOULD GO BACK TO
SENSIBLE GAME SHOWS LIKE THIS.
( SHOUTING )
CRAZY WAY TO PICK A PRIME
MINISTER.
BUT I GUESS THEY HAVE TO LET
THEM FIGHT.
IF THEY DON'T LET THEM OUT NOW
AND THEN, THOSE SUMO WRESTLERS
MIGHT START STRESS EATING.
ONE MAJOR U.S. BOOKMAKER SAID
"HIS COMPANY DECIDED TO ADD SUMO
WRESTLING TO ITS SPORTS BETTING
OFFERINGS BECAUSE IT WAS ONE OF
THE FEW PROFESSIONAL LEAGUES
STILL OPERATING."
GREAT.
SO YOUR CO-WORKER WHO WON'T SHUT
UP ABOUT FANTASY FOOTBALL, NOW
WON'T SHUT UP ABOUT FANTASY
SUMO.
"I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW BAD
FUJI-AZUMA SHANKED IT THIS
WEEKEND!
I SHOULD HAVE DRAFTED KAGAYAKI!
HE'S GOT A WAY BETTER
OSHI-DASHI!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN I'M FIRED?!"
SO THE SUMO CONTINUES, BUT
WITHOUT A CROWD.
ONE FAN WATCHING THE MATCHES ON
YOUTUBE FOUND THE EXPERIENCE
DIFFERENT, SAYING, "YOU COULD
HEAR EVERYTHING.
YOU COULD HEAR THEM FART, YOU
COULD HEAR GRUNTING, STUFF
YOU DON'T USUALLY HEAR."
YEAH, USUALLY TO HEAR FAT MEN
FARTING AND GRUNTING WHILE
WATCHING SPORTS YOU HAVE TO
GO TO A BUFFALO WILD WINGS.
QUARANTINE-WHILE, YESTERDAY
MORNING, THERE WAS A FLYBY OF
EARTH BY THIS ASTEROID WHICH,
OBSERVERS HAVE POINTED
OUT, HAS "FEATURES THAT MAKE IT
LOOK LIKE THE ASTEROID
REMEMBERED TO WEAR A MASK."
PROVING ONCE AGAIN, EVEN A
LIFELESS, FROZEN ROCK IS SMARTER
THAN MIKE PENCE.
QUARANTINE-WHILE, "IN WHAT MAY
BE A MEDICAL FIRST, A WOMAN'S
SILICONE BREAST IMPLANTS HELPED
DEFLECT A BULLET AND SAVE HER
LIFE."
SO STARTING NEXT YEAR, POLICE
BULLETPROOF VESTS WILL BE
SLIGHTLY MODIFIED
QUARANTINE-WHILE, IN MOON
NEWWWWWS, NASA HAS ANNOUNCED
THEY WILL "SHOOT LASERS AT THE
MOON TO HELP FIND WATER."
OH, GREAT.
WHEN THIS IS OVER, YOU KNOW
THEY'RE GONNA BE PUSHING IT ON
YOU IN RESTAURANTS.
"WOULD YOU LIKE TAP, SPARKLING,
OR MOON?"
NASA'S PLAN IS TO CREATE "A
SPACECRAFT THAT WILL USE ITS
NEAR-INFRARED LASERS TO SHINE
LIGHT INTO SHADED POLAR
REGIONS ON THE MOON, WHILE AN
ONBOARD REFLECTOMETER WILL
MEASURE SURFACE REFLECTION AND
COMPOSITION."
WHICH SOUNDS VERY COMPLICATED,
BUT NASA DID PROVIDE THIS
HELPFUL SIMULATION VIDEO OF
THEIR MOON LASER:
( CRASHING SOUNDS )
QUARANTINE-WHILE, "CLOWNS,
JUGGLERS AND GYMNASTS IN A
TRAVELING CIRCUS ARE STUCK IN A
TEXAS PARKING LOT AMID THE
LOCKDOWN."
THAT'S TERRIBLE.
IT'S NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO
SOCIALLY DISTANCE IN A CAR WITH
50 OTHER CLOWNS.
"I SAID SIX FEET, WAFFLES!"
QUARANTINE-WHILE, "THE FEDERAL
AVIATION ADMINISTRATION IS
INVESTIGATING AN AIRCRAFT
INCIDENT AT HAWTHORNE AIRPORT
LAST FRIDAY INVOLVING ACTOR
HARRISON FORD."
IT SEEMS FORD WAS "PILOTING A
PLANE THAT CROSSED A RUNWAY WHEN
ANOTHER PLANE WAS TRYING TO
LAND."
THIS IS NOTHING NEW.
HARRISON FORD HAS A HISTORY OF
FLOUTING AVIATION SAFETY RULES.
>> GET OFF MY PLANE!
>> STEPHEN: CROSSING A RUNWAY
DURING A LANDING IS A BAD
SIGN.
LOOKS LIKE IT'S TIME TO SIT HIM
DOWN AND HAVE A DIFFICULT TALK.
"LISTEN, I THINK YOU KNEW THIS
DAY WAS COMING, BUT YOU SEEM A
LITTLE CONFUSED BEHIND THE
WHEEL THESE DAYS, SO... WE'RE
TAKING AWAY THE KEYS TO THE
MILLENNIUM FALCON.
WE CAN'T RISK YOU MAKING THE
JUMP TO HYPERSPACE THROUGH
A JAMBA JUICE."
THROUGH A STARBUCKS.
IT'S A DISTANCE, NOT A TIME!
I'M SORRY.
QUARANTINE-WHILE, "A TEXAS ZOO
IS OPENING BACK UP TO THE PUBLIC
WITH A DRIVE-THRU EXPERIENCE."
FROM THE SECURITY OF INSIDE
THEIR VEHICLE, "VISITORS WILL BE
ABLE TO SEE LIONS, TIGERS, AND
BEARS."
OH, MY.
THIS IS GREAT NEWS FOR ANYONE
WHO'S EVER THOUGHT, "I WISH
BIRDS WEREN'T THE ONLY ANIMALS
POOPING ON MY CAR."
QUARANTINE-WHILE, "A SWEDISH
CITY WILL SPREAD MANURE AT A
FESTIVAL VENUE TO DISCOURAGE
CROWDS" AT AN UPCOMING
"SCANDINAVIAN HOLIDAY USUALLY
MARKED WITH BONFIRES AND SINGING
AND DANCING TO FOLK SONGS."
A MUSIC FESTIVAL WHERE THE
GROUNDS ARE COVERED IN POOP?
THAT... IS A MUSIC FESTIVAL.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH SENATE
DEMOCRATIC LEADER CHUCK SCHUMER.
♪